>> Estelle Weyl: So the linear gradient
syntax, there were two previous syntaxes.
Syntaxses?
Syntaxum?
I don't know how you pluralize syntax but
there were two previous ones.
There was the old webkit and
the old, old webkit, both prefixed.
As I've said a few times, don't get the
prefix version because basically will just
make the device slow if it still
needs to run to the prefix.
So the syntax now is linear gradient and
you either provide it an angle or
you say to and
the direction that you want it to go.
So either to some side or a corner.
Like either to top or to top right.
And then you can provide
it with color stops.
And even add some color hints.
So the few things to remember
about linear gradients is
if you're using a key term
don't forget the word to.
And the top, when you're talking
about degrees, the top is zero and
the angles go clockwise.
And that is actually different
than the previous syntax.
So if you see a gradient that is broken,
before when we used to do dash webkit,
dash moz, dash everything else.
And then we would just put the default for
when it was supported,
we would omit the to keyword because
it wasn't necessary back then.
And then the angles actually
went counterclockwise.
So generally it doesn't make that
much of a difference because
gradients usually just go top to bottom.
So in this example it goes from
rebeccapurple to palegoldenrod.
So all it says is linear gradient and
it has two color stops rebeccapurple.
Comma, palegoldenrod.
It's the same as saying to bottom.
Right?
Nothing changed.
And then saying 0%.
And then saying 100%.
>> Estelle Weyl: There we go.
So the default are two bottom.
The direction is two bottom.
And if you don't actually stay where your
color stop is, it puts it up to zero and
100%.
We're gonna cover color
stops in just a moment.
Then we have the radial syntax and
I'm introducing the radial
syntax here just briefly.
We're going to deep dive into it after
we're done with linear gradients.
But I wanna show you just
the stuff that's involved so
that you know what things
are gonna be reused.
Radial gradients says shape or
size at a position and
then you have color stops and color hints.
So when you learn the color stops and
the color hints, just realize they're
gonna be used for both of these.
But the angle for
the to is only used in linear gradients.